Hey guys, welcome back.
All right, so let's take a quick set to work on finding
a list of communities that are going to be our
targets going forward. This is step two of our five
step process to rock solid abs. For a lot of you, this
is going to be obvious,
and for a lot of you, this will take
some thinking to get right.
Luckily, like I've said before, if it
exists, there is a subreddit for it.
So you shouldn't have too terrible of a time finding
your community. Once you find a bunch of subs, that's
when we'll start assessing whether
or not they're worth it, because
later in this section we're going to cover how
to slowly introduce yourself to the community.
If the sub isn't worth it, then it's not
worth the time to even get to that point.
OK, so you know what your business
does and what your product or service is.
Now, we need to define areas that are going to match this.
First off, try to think of some keywords that you're going to
use that you think will lead you to where you want to be.
I suggest being both literal and bigger picture. If you're
selling a procrastination mobile app, for instance,
you can go literal and say "procrastination" or you
can step back a little and go a little broader with
something like productivity, motivation, discipline,
self improvement, or even mobile apps.
The thing to keep in mind here - don't fret if you can't
think of a lot of descriptors that match your business.
We only need to find one and
then actually the rest is easy.
I will explain how this works in a second.
OK, so once you've taken all eight seconds to think
through your keywords, go to www.reddit.com/
/subreddits and search for some of these
where it says "Ready for something new?"
What this will do is suggest subreddits for you.
If I type in "procrastination," for instance, we get
a whole lot of things that I didn't even think about
that are definitely related. We see ADHD, sure.
Get studying, sure.
Deciding to be better, okay. Sounds like these people
might have procrastination issues. Some of them are
obviously junk, like subreddit "ffffuuuu"
which is a sound of frustration,
writing is also a bit too off,
AdviceAnimals really makes no sense,
I don't even want to get into what NoFap means.
OK, so open up a tab of one of the ones you pick and
copy the URL down somewhere so you can keep track.
If you think it might be worth it, just throw it in.
Copy the link address so you can
easily access them from your list.
After you've compiled the suggestions that makes sense,
try another one of your keywords, and keep doing that
until you've exhausted the suggestions and start
seeing repeats. After that,
I like to then take the same keywords
and input them into the search bar
that's right below it that says
"Search subreddits by name."
This way, we can catch any literal matches we missed
with the vague suggestion search, which is really kind
of hit or miss. When we do this one,
we can see all the sort of things
that we actually originally missed.
For instance, no procrastination, procrastination time,
non-zero day, which if you actually read the
description about it, it's about procrastination.
Now, if you guys are still struggling to find subreddits,
try out these other two options.
One is to go to reddit.com/search.
Yeah, I know, curveball, but specifically, this searches
content, not the group title names. That actually
might get you in the right direction.
Also, pro tip, if you go to one of the subs you find,
most times on the right hand side you'll actually see a
"other related subreddit suggestion" list and then
you're pretty much done. After that, if you still can't
find anything, try a site called Metareddit.com,
which does just a little bit better job of searching
and displaying subreddits.
OK, once you have your list, what I want you to do is
go and take a look at each of the subreddits you have.
Open them up in a separate tab if you absolutely have to.
What I want you to do right off the bat is to look at
the sidebar on the right, where it says the name
of the sub after the /r/.
Right below you'll see two different numbers.
The first is the number of people subscribed to the group and the
second is how many people in the group are currently active
at this very moment. This is the first thing we
need to gauge for where to apply our time.
Anything over 10,000 people I consider good.
Anything below 1,000
I usually throw away. Anything in the middle is
really just going to depend on your discretion.
Even if you have the most accurate sub in the world,
if it's only 200 subscribers, it's just
not going to be worth your time.
Secondly, look at how many people are active versus
the subscriber list, and that might help you make
the judgment call. If it's, say, 4,000, but 250 are active,
that means it's a very active thread.
If it's 12, on the other hand, out
of 4,000, it's not a very active thread
and you can use that as a tipping point.
There's no real rule for this.
Just get rid of the ones that have abnormally low ratios.
OK, so we'll take a second and clear
out our list on procrastination.
We can get rid of "no procrastination," because wow,
14 users, and only 2 are awake. "Self-improvement"
is a winner, although it's got a low engagement ratio.
"Procrastination train" is obviously a no-go, too small. "Deciding
to be better" will do,
although, again, low ratio, and it looks like the others,
"ADHD," the discipline one, and studying, yeah, they
all look like healthy subs.
OK.
Now, after you've ruled out the ones
that are just too small or too unengaged,
we need to take some time to look to see if what people
are talking about is, one, related to what we're doing,
sometimes you just misread the title or the community uses
the group in a different way than you actually expected,
or two, what types of posts are being posted there.
Is there a lot of discussion and people asking questions
or is it just a space for posting funny pictures,
like birds with arms? And then, of course, three, are the
topics being discussed something you know anything
about and could feel confident contributing to a discussion
about? Take some time to go through your list.
The idea here is that we want to get the list down to, say,
three or four subs that are the right size and the right topic.
More than that, and it's going to take too much
time and you might lose focus. After you look
at the sub for 5-10 minutes and scroll through the posts,
how do you feel?
Are they the same group of people you're trying to sell to?
Do you feel like you could comfortably contribute?
If it's yes and yes, then keep it on the list,
and let's move on to step number three.